Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
Skip to content
STRAT IN THE COMMUNITY

We partner with multiple organizations and charities to give back to the community and help local families in need. Throughout the year, we host a school supply drive, Christmas gift drive, food drive and more. We appreciate all of the support from our amazing customers over the years to help make this possible!

Keep scrolling to see how you can help!

Your donations go a long way! Check out our annual drives to see how you can help.

All donations go directly to the organizations.

We partner with Live Hope Laugh during the holiday season to provide local families with their full Christmas wishlists! These families are lower income and have children living with chronic illnesses. A small gift goes a long way to make these kids’ holidays much brighter!​

These gifts will be given to the children at Live Hope Laugh’s annual Night of Giving Event before Christmas.

We will post the families wishlists in November. You can drop all donations off at Stratosphere Social.

Keep an eye out on our social media for more information on the Christmas Drive.

More info

We partner with Building Families for Children and Live Hope Laugh to provide school supplies and backpacks to local families who are fostering children or have children living with a chronic illness. Help us take the stress and money out of school supply shopping for these wonderful families.

We give out FREE game cards for your generous donations!

Donate $10 worth of school supplies and receive a FREE 30 minute game card!

Donate a backpack filled with supplies and receive a FREE Play All Day game card!​

All donations can be dropped off at Stratosphere Social.

We run the School Supply Drive through the summer. Keep an eye out on our social media for more information and dates!

More info

In the Spring, we partner with the Sundi’s Gift to raise money to provide baskets for widows in Kenya. These baskets are filled with essential items such as sugar, salt, flour, rice, soap, matches, etc. You can donate directly using the link below, or you can donate at our front desk. $2, $5, $10 or sponsor a whole basket for $25.

April 1st – April 30th.

More info
1332 Londontown Blvd
Eldersburg, MD 21784
Monday-Thursday: 11am-10pm
Friday & Saturday: 11am-12am
Sunday: 11am-10pm
443-537-2626
Events@Stratosphere-Social.com
Facebook-f
 
Yelp
 
Instagram
© 2025 Stratosphere Social
Privacy Policy






