Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
Skip to content
Dueling pianos
DUELING PIANOS
now in the backyard!
Next show Friday, February 13th.
ENJOY LIVE ENTERTAINMENT in our indoor backyard!

Whether your looking for a fun night out with friends, celebrating a special occasion or a date night with your significant other, Dueling Pianos is high-energy show is a must see!
​
Sing along with our performers, request your favorite songs and enjoy delicious food & drinks!
​
VIP tables must be reserved in advance to guarantee your spot.

reserve your table for dueling pianos today!
VIP 8-TOP TABLE
Seats up to 8 people.

Guarantees an 8-top table reserved for you and your group. VIP tables are the best seats at the show! Food and drinks are available for purchase at your table.

Tables are limited, book today before it sells out!

$160
per table
coming soon
VIP 4-TOP TABLE
Seats up to 4 people.

Guarantees a 4-top table reserved for you and your group. VIP tables are the best seats at the show! Food and drinks are available for purchase at your table.

Tables are limited. Book today before it sells out!

$80
per table
coming soon
GENERAL ADMISSION
Community Seating

General admission tables are first come, first served. Please note that you could end up sharing a table with people who are not in your group. General Admission tables are still great seat with a clear view of the show! Food and drinks are available for purchase at your table.

$15
per person
coming soon
things to know:
The show takes place in our Indoor Backyard.
You will have access to your tables 1-hour before the show.
Food and beverages will be available for purchase before and during the show.
General Admission tables are community seating and first come, first served. Please note that you may end up sharing a table with people who are not in your group.
All sales are final.
1332 Londontown Blvd
Eldersburg, MD 21784
Monday-Thursday: 11am-10pm
Friday & Saturday: 11am-12am
Sunday: 11am-10pm
443-537-2626
Events@Stratosphere-Social.com
Facebook-f
 
Yelp
 
Instagram
© 2025 Stratosphere Social
Privacy Policy






