Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
Skip to content
Attractions & Specials
FUN THINGS TO DO NEAR ME
HIGH-TECH BOWLING IN SYKESVILLE

Take bowling to a whole new level with our state-of-the-art Brunswick bowling lanes—right here in the heart of Carroll County. Our modern lanes offer bowling fanatics from Eldersburg, Sykesville, and surrounding areas a fun and exciting experience like no other. Enjoy full food & drink service delivered directly to your lane, so there’s no waiting in line or missing your turn—we’ll bring everything to you!

Whether you’re here for a spontaneous night out or a planned event, Stratosphere Social in Carroll County makes bowling a blast with affordable, per-lane pricing. Walk-ins are welcome, and party packages are available for birthdays, team events, and more.

PRICING
axe throwing in Eldersburg

Ever played Tic-Tac-Toe with AXES?! Yeah, you read that correctly… Stratosphere Social is home to Carroll County’s first INTERACTIVE axe-throwing targets. Test your skill with games like Connect Four, and Tic-Tac-Toe, or take aim at zombie faces! It’s one of the most unique attractions in Eldersburg and nearby Sykesville. Come see what the AXE-CITEMENT is all about!

More Info
7d xd
theater

Get ready for a ride like no other in Eldersburg’s own immersive 7D XD Theater. This wild roller coaster simulator takes you through different themed worlds with vibrating seats, water mists, and air blasts for an unforgettable experience in Carroll County entertainment!

More Info
modern arcade in carroll County

Our modern arcade is packed with the latest games, from claw machines to racing simulators and everything in between. Whether you’re local to Sykesville and Eldersburg or just looking for some fun near Carroll County, our arcade will bring out the kid in everyone. Purchase a Player Card, collect e-tickets, and redeem awesome prizes.

More Info
INDOOR BACKYARD

Step into our one-of-a-kind Indoor Backyard, a spacious 3,500 sq ft. play area right here in Eldersburg. Enjoy laid-back recreation with Carroll County cornhole, bocce ball, giant Jenga, and more – all situated on comfy artificial grass. Available for private rentals—it’s a local favorite for birthday parties, reunions, and other gatherings.

Event inquiry
INDOOR ROOFTOP

Celebrate in style atop Eldersburg’s most unique event space. Our indoor rooftop overlooks the entire Stratosphere Social venue, providing the ideal space for birthday celebrations, bridal and baby showers, retirement parties, work functions, and so much more. Just a short drive from Sykesville and the greater Carroll County area.

Space holds up to 35 people.

Event inquiry
trivia
night in CArroll County

This is not your average trivia night! Join us every Thursday from 7–9 p.m. in Eldersburg for an interactive and high-energy game night that brings together friends and families from across neighboring Sykesville, throughout Carroll County, and beyond. Enjoy food, drinks, prizes, giveaways, and lots of laughs. Teams of up to 6. Free to play!

Every Thursday
7pm-9pm
Learn More
1332 Londontown Blvd
Eldersburg, MD 21784
Monday-Thursday: 11am-10pm
Friday & Saturday: 11am-12am
Sunday: 11am-10pm
443-537-2626
Events@Stratosphere-Social.com
Facebook-f
 
Yelp
 
Instagram
© 2025 Stratosphere Social
Privacy Policy






